today's video I'm going to show you how
I transform my everyday hair into my
Christmas party holiday curl kind of
look it's a very natural looking curl
which I'm going to show you the
technique I used to create this and it's
all about having the right tools to
create the curl so in today's video I'm
gonna be using the new meet ride back to
set it's a really awesome set I have a
coupon code down below for 70% off it
comes with three different barrel sizes
18 25 and 32 millimeter
these are tourmaline ceramic barrels so
they're gonna lock in the moisture and
create a frizz free sleek look which I'm
all about because I have pretty frizzy
hair and it comes with this awesome
package for all the different barrel
sizes compact awaits all you want to do
is pick your size I'm using the medium
one in today's tutorial and just lock it
in place now all I'm doing is all the
curls towards the front of my face I'm
curling away from my head like you just
saw so everything towards the base then
instead of curling the way I'm now gonna
curl towards my facial so I'm really
just doing like a way towards a way
towards it alternating your curls like
this you're going to get a really
natural-looking overall look so again
it's the second layer I'm just really
going away from my face
and showing you the girl and now I'm
just going to separate this piece into
two sections I'm just taking probably
like 1 inspections
my name the next days I'm going away
from Indies
I'm showing you that you do there's a
little bit of length but it's totally
worth it for these schools now for my
big area I'm just gonna hold it a little
bit less than I do the rest of my head
so you get a less of a curl and a sweep
like that so now and this is even its
result I just let my curls 7 I've
changed into my party dress now I'm just
using my fingers to shake out the curls
break them up just a little bit not too
much and I'm not brushing them out or
anything because I do want this kind of
just natural-looking curls in my hair so
just using my fingers bringing it up and
doing the same on the other side just
loosely breaking number two curls and
you'll see I'm messing with my hair
quite a lot in this video and these
curls are just staying in place they
seriously last all day if you would into
the next day so now I'm going to get
really excited to put on series
figure out which the ear that go into
and I just think it could've holiday
party ready for lipstick showing you the
final results messing with my hair I can
just show you how the girls day so I
hope that you liked the video and check
out the coupon code it down below for
70% off makes a great gift or for
yourself for the holidays so helps you
enjoy and I'll talk to you soon